Historical factors have trickled into an
ever present plague of systematic oppression.
Two forms of this systematic oppression
are the injustices of mass incarceration
and police brutality.
These tragedies are especially
prevalent among marginalized communities.
Even as society begins to acknowledge such disparities,
the systematic oppressions continue
by policing the truth and concealing details or
evidence that could be beneficial to victims.
As this exhibit paints a picture of
what these overwhelming tragedies entail,
we invite you into a final yet integral stepping stone.
First let me ask.
How does one move forward in not only acknowledging
but also understanding the depth of these injustices?
Then, how do they act on what they know?
With that, we present the other side of living in
our tragedies which is to walk in the hope for our future.
In fact, we invite you to journey with us
as we highlight local Atlanta events, organizations,
and activists who are impressively
making things better for tomorrow.
It is our hope that this is an experience that
moves you to tap into the feelings that were evoked by this exhibit
and step into greater Atlanta with
fresh perspective and drive.
We challenge you to go beyond these four walls
and be that agent of change,
that catalyst for justice,
and ultimately the hope for the future.